Explicit content settings Spotify includes explicit content because we offer it how the artist intends it to be heard. Look out for EXPLICIT or E tags on any releases. Note: We tag explicit content depending on information we receive from rights-holders. Report explicit content To report a song, podcast, or audiobook that isn’t tagged correctly, contact us . Filter explicit content Pick your device to allow or block anything with explicit tags. When explicit content is switched off, anything with an explicit tag is grayed out. You can’t play it, and it’s automatically skipped. Note: If you’re using Spotify Connect to control another device, changes to explicit content settings apply when you play something next. Mobile and tablet Tap your profile picture at the top. Tap Settings and privacy Settings . Under Content and display , switch Allow Explicit Content on Toggle switched on or off Toggle switched off . Desktop Click your profile picture at the top, and select Settings . Under Explicit Content , switch Allow playback of explicit-rated content on Toggle switched on or off Toggle switched off . Premium Family explicit settings If you manage a Premium Family plan, you can allow or block anything with an explicit tag for other members of the plan. Log in to your Premium Family page. Click on the member you’d like to allow or block content for. Switch Explicit content on Toggle switched on or off Toggle switched off . Control managed account settings You can also choose the type of content a managed account can enjoy. For more info, check out Managed accounts for young listeners . Finding clean versions You can check for clean versions of anything with an explicit tag. Note: Some explicit releases may not have a clean version. Mobile, tablet, and web player Search a song title to find any versions without explicit tags. Desktop On an album page, scroll down to the bottom of the track listing. Find more releases of the same album at the bottom. More Releases on desktop app Note : If you don’t see this option, there are no other versions of the album on Spotify. You can also search a song title to find any versions without explicit tags.
