Family plan Premium Family is a discounted plan for up to 6 family members who live together, including the plan manager. The plan manager is the only person who signs up and pays for the plan The plan manager can add or remove members on the plan, and can’t join other plans All plan members have separate accounts, and log in with their own details The plan manager can manage the playback of content for members. Note : Check out Explicit content settings and Video settings for more info. Plan managers can also create managed accounts for young listeners. Learn more at Managed accounts for Premium Family . Additionally, plan managers get audiobook listening time each month, allowing them to listen to audiobooks in our subscriber catalog. Only the plan manager has access to audiobook listening time included in the Premium Family/Duo plans. However, the plan manager can purchase audiobook listening hours for plan members separately. Manage Premium Family Note: Plan members can only switch plans once every 12 months. Set up your Family plan Go to Change plan (if you're on Premium), or Join Premium (if you're on free). Scroll down and select Premium Family . Enter your address and choose your preferred payment method. Follow the on-screen instructions. Note: If you already have Premium with a partner company (ex. your phone or internet provider), you first need to cancel with them and wait for your current Premium to end. Invite or remove Family members The plan manager can add or remove members on their account page . Check out Invite or remove Family plan members for more details. To add or remove managed accounts, check out Managed accounts for young listeners . If you want to downgrade, you need to switch to a new plan. Check out How to change Premium plans . Note : Removing plan members won’t downgrade your plan. Join or leave a Family plan Note: Plan members can only switch plans once every 12 months. You need to be logged into your own Spotify account and have received an email to join. You need to be living with the plan manager Enter the same home address as the plan manager upon joining the plan Joining a Family plan as a member On desktop Open the invite link. Click Accept invite . Select Yes, continue to confirm you’re accepting the invite with the right Spotify account, or select Change account to choose a different one. Enter the address for your plan, and Confirm . Need help? Check out Can’t join Family plan . Leaving a Family plan if you’re a member On desktop Go to Change plan . Click Cancel plan under Available Plans . Choose Yes, cancel . Note: Plan members can only switch plans once every 12 months.
