Reinstalling your Spotify app Reinstall the app to fix common technical issues and ensure your app’s up-to-date. If you continue having issues, check out Spotify not playing . Note: You need to re-download any downloaded music and podcasts after reinstalling the app. iOS Quick reinstall Tap and hold the Spotify app icon. Tap Remove App , then Delete App . Go to the App Store and install the Spotify app. Clean reinstall If you're still having issues playing Spotify after a quick reinstall, try these steps: In your app's Settings and privacy , tap Data-saving and offline . Under Storage , tap Clear next to Clear cache . Go to your device's Settings , then tap General . Tap iPhone Storage (or iPad Storage on your iPad), then select Spotify from the list of apps. Tap Delete App and confirm. Once the app is deleted, press and hold your device’s lock button and either volume button at the same time until the power off slider appears. Drag the slider to completely turn off your device, then wait a few minutes. Press and hold the lock button again until the display turns on. Switch your device back on and install Spotify from the App Store . Android Android 6.0 and newer Quick reinstall Go to your phone’s Settings . Select Apps . Select Spotify from the list of apps. Tap Uninstall . Go to Google Play or your phone's app store and install the Spotify app. Clean reinstall If you're still having issues playing Spotify after a quick reinstall, try these steps: Go to your phone’s Settings . Select Apps . Select Spotify from the list of apps. Tap Storage / Storage & cache memory. Find and tap Clear storage and Clear cache. Return to the previous screen and tap Uninstall . In the phone's Files (or File Manager, My Files, etc.) app: Go to Internal Storage > Android > data . If you see a com.spotify.music folder, delete it. If you’re using an SD card , go to SD Card > Android > data . If you see a com.spotify.music folder, delete it. Restart your device. Go to Google Play and install the Spotify app. Older Android devices Quick reinstall Go to your phone’s Settings . Select Apps or Applications , then Manage applications . Select Spotify from the list of apps. Tap Clear Data . Go to Google Play and install the Spotify app. Clean reinstall If you're still having issues playing Spotify after a quick reinstall, try these steps: Go to your phone’s Settings . Select Apps or Applications , then Manage applications . Select Spotify from the list of apps. Tap Storage > Clear Data . Go to your phone's Storage > Android > Data and delete a folder called com.spotify.music. If you're using an external SD card to store your downloaded music from Spotify, double-check if that file is removed from the SD card. Restart your device. Go to Google Play and install the Spotify app. Mac Quick reinstall Open Finder . Go to Applications in the sidebar menu. Find the Spotify app and drag it to the Trash. Empty Trash to delete the app. Download and install Spotify. Clean reinstall If you're still having issues playing Spotify after a quick reinstall, try these steps: Quit Spotify. Open Finder . Click Go in the menu at the top, then hold the Option / Alt key ⌥ and select Library . Open Caches and delete the com.spotify.client and com.spotify.client.helper folders. Click the back arrow. Open Application Support and delete the Spotify folder. Restart your device. Download and install Spotify. Windows Windows 10 and newer Close Spotify. Open the Start menu and click Settings . In the side column, click Apps . Click Apps & Features . Select Spotify from the list. Click Uninstall . Follow the instructions on the screen. Download and install Spotify again (either through the Microsoft Store or directly from Spotify ).
