Sort and filter Sort and filter to better view lists of music and podcasts. Filter lets you search a specific list, or show downloads only . Sort lets you view lists in a particular order, for example: Recents (ex. new episodes and recently played content) Recently added Alphabetically By Creator Note: Sort and filter options vary depending on what you’re sorting. Pick your device below for how to sort and filter. Mobile and tablet Sort and filter Your Library Choose a filter at the top (ex. Playlists ), or tap Search to search your collection Tap Sort by to change how items are listed To pin an item to the top, swipe right on it or tap and hold, then choose Pin . Repeat the steps to unpin. To switch between grid or list view, tap List view / Grid view Sort and filter playlists Tap the playlist. Pull down and release to display filters and a search bar at the top. Tap filters for sorting options, or Search to search. Desktop Sort and filter Your Library Choose a filter at the top (ex. Playlists) or click Search to search your collection Tip: You can combine filters (ex. By you) for more specific results. Click Arrow down to change how items are listed To pin an item to the top, right-click on it and select Pin . Repeat the steps to unpin. To switch between grid or list view, click Grid view / List view Sort and filter a playlist Click Search at the top and enter a search term To choose how items are listed, click Arrow down at the top You can also sort by clicking a column header. For example: Click Title , or Album to sort alphabetically Click Date added Click Clock to sort by song duration Tip: Adjust the app’s screen size to reveal more columns. Click the column again to reverse the order. The app saves your sort and filter options for your next sessions. Set playlist order in Your Library You can set a custom order for how all your playlists are listed. Note: You need the desktop app to set a custom order for your playlists, but it shows on all devices. To set a custom order for your playlists: In Your Library Collection , select the Playlists filter. Click Arrow down at the top and select Custom order . Drag and drop playlists to your preferred position.
