Spotify Connect With Spotify Connect, you can use one device to remotely control listening on another. To check if your device is compatible with Spotify Connect, see Spotify Connect or check with the device’s manufacturer. Use Spotify Connect When connecting to the speaker for the first time, all devices need to be on the same WiFi. Open Spotify and play something. Press Connect device at the bottom of the screen. Pick the device you want to play on. Note: If you pause playing for more than 10 minutes, you might need to reconnect. If you want to pause your Listening Activity, you can start a Private Session . Listen in lossless Note: To switch to lossless on a third-party device you will need to switch from your mobile device. Currently, not all devices support lossless. Tap the device icon when listening to a song. Select a playing device. Tap Change quality settings . Select Lossless . Don’t see your device? If you’re seeing more than one device of the same name (ex. iPhone), try connecting to each in turn. Try logging into the device using your Spotify credentials and you should be able to see it in the Spotify app even if it isn’t on the same WiFi. [Mobile] Switch off Local device visibility in the Spotify mobile app Settings > Apps and devices. This lets the app see devices that aren’t currently on your WiFi network. [Web player] On the web player, you can only use devices you’ve already logged into, or Google Cast devices on your current network (if using Chrome). If your device isn’t showing, try using the Spotify app instead. [iPhone] Make sure you provide Spotify access to your local network. Go to iPhone Settings > Spotify > Local Network, and toggle it on. Connect not working? Restart the Spotify app. Restart your speaker, Smart display, etc. Restart the device running the Spotify app. Make sure your Spotify app is up-to-date . Make sure all devices’ software is up-to-date. Try connecting devices to the same WiFi. Restart your WiFi or try a different WiFi network. [Android TV] Allow Spotify to display over other apps. Go to TV Settings > Apps > Special app access > Display over other apps. Don’t recognize a device? If you’ve used Spotify on a shared network before, you may see devices belonging to other users that were on the same network. On the Spotify mobile app, you can have only local devices show by switching on Local device visibility in Settings > Apps and devices. You may have left your account logged in on someone else’s device. If you don’t have access to that device, ask its owner to log out of your account. You can also: Remove the unfamiliar device from the list to avoid connecting to it by mistake: Click on the three dots next to the device you want to remove > click Log out of this device . Unlink your Spotify account from the manufacturer’s app, like Amazon Alexa. Sign out everywhere on your account page , and for extra safety reset your password . Can’t change the volume from your iOS device? Apple has discontinued the technology that enables Spotify to control volume for connected devices using the volume buttons on the device. While we work with them on a solution, you can use the Spotify app to easily adjust the volume on your connected device. For quick access to volume, just press one of the volume buttons of your device. You’ll see a slider appear at the bottom of your screen. Volume slider from Spotify You can also access the volume slider from your Connect Menu by tapping the Connect device in your Now Playing bar at the bottom of your screen.
