Shuffle play Shuffle any playlist, album, or artist profile to mix up what plays next. Using Shuffle Tap Shuffle on any playlist, album, or artist profile: Shuffle Shuffle is off - tracks play in order Shuffle active Shuffle is on - tracks play randomly Choosing shuffle play styles For: Premium You can choose between two shuffle styles: Fewer repeats This shuffle style keeps track of what you've recently played and chooses the best option from multiple random sequences based on a freshness score. That way, you'll notice fewer repeats and have more chances to rediscover less played tracks. Because it's still based on randomness, it doesn't completely eliminate repeats, but reduces how often they happen. Standard This shuffle style plays songs randomly, giving every track an equal chance. Because it doesn't remember what played recently, you may occasionally notice repeats or certain songs appearing more often than others. Read about shuffle styles on our Engineering blog (available in English only). Using Smart Shuffle Smart Shuffle Smart Shuffle active keeps your listening sessions fresh by mixing in recommendations that match the vibe. You can identify any recommended music content on the 'Now Playing' bar. Any recommendation will have a Enhance badge next to the artist name. For listeners on free (mobile) Smart Shuffle Smart Shuffle active is always active on mobile. Note for parents or legal guardians with a managed account: If 'skip' is temporarily paused after reporting a song, you can disable playback of that song so it won’t play again. For listeners with Premium (mobile) You can turn on Smart Shuffle in your playlists or 'Liked Songs'. To enable Smart Shuffle Open any of your playlists, or tap the 'Now Playing' bar. Note: On tablet, tap the album artwork in the side menu. Tap the shuffle icon. Shuffle Shuffle is off - tracks play in order Shuffle active Shuffle is on - tracks play randomly Smart Shuffle active Smart Shuffle is on - tracks and personalized recommendations play randomly How Shuffle play works on Premium To disable Smart Shuffle Tap your profile picture at the top. Tap Settings and privacy Settings . Select Playback . Switch Include Smart Shuffle in play modes off Toggle switched off .
