Listen offline Take your music and podcasts anywhere your internet can’t go. On Premium, you can download albums, playlists, and podcasts. On the free version, you can only download podcasts. You can download as many as 10,000 tracks on each of up to 5 different devices. You need to go online at least once every 30 days to keep your downloads. This is so Spotify can collect play data to compensate artists. How to download Mobile and tablet When you’re online, go to what you want to download. Note: You can’t download individual songs, but you can put them in a playlist and download the playlist. Tap Download to download to Your Library . You can check the download status next to each song, podcast, or playlist: Downloaded download successful Download or Offline sync update tracks not downloaded To allow downloading on mobile data Spotify uses WiFi to download by default to save mobile data usage, but you can allow downloading on mobile data: Tap your profile picture at the top. Tap Settings and privacy Settings . Tap Data-saving and offline . Under Downloads and streaming , switch Downloads over cellular on Toggle switched on . Desktop When you’re online, go to the playlist you want to download. Note: You can’t download individual songs, but you can put them in a playlist and download the playlist. Click on the download button Download . You can check the download status next to each song, podcast, or playlist: Downloaded download successful Download or Offline sync update tracks not downloaded Not downloading? Make sure your internet connection is active Make sure you have enough storage space Tip: We recommend at least 1GB free memory Make sure you didn’t reach the 5 devices limit Turn off any cache clearing/battery-saving apps Restart the app Reinstall the app Note: You need to re-download any downloaded music and podcasts after reinstalling the app. Switch on Offline Mode Downloads play automatically when you lose internet, but you can use Offline Mode to make sure only your downloads play. Mobile and tablet Tap your profile picture at the top. Tap Settings and privacy Settings . Tap Data-saving and offline . Switch Offline mode on. Anything you haven’t downloaded is now grayed out and unavailable. Desktop Open Spotify. For Mac: In the Apple menu at the top of the screen, click Spotify . For Windows: Click 3 horizontal dots at the top of the screen, then click File . Select Offline Mode . Anything you haven’t downloaded is now grayed out and unavailable. Track, playlist, or podcast not downloaded anymore? You might lose your downloads if: You don’t go online at least once in 30 days You reinstall the app You download to more than 5 devices Note: Downloads are removed from the device you’ve used least recently. Your Spotify app is not up-to-date Your SD card (if you have one) is not working properly Delete downloads Remove all downloads from your mobile device Tap your profile picture at the top. Tap Settings and privacy Settings . Tap Data-saving and offline . Under Storage , select Remove all downloads . Manually remove downloads Open Your Library . Mobile only: Tap Downloaded . Open a downloaded album or playlist you want to remove. Tap the green arrow button Downloaded . Mobile only: Tap Remove .
