Premium Student verification not working We partner with SheerID to verify your eligibility. If you’re having verification issues, try again using an incognito or private window of your browser. This will ensure your browser isn’t pre-populating any fields with saved information that might cause your verification to fail. SheerID manages the entire verification process, so the best place for help is on their FAQ page , or open a ticket with their support team . Notes: Once SheerID confirms your student status, you'll need to return to your Spotify account and subscribe to Premium Student. It can take a few days to hear back about eligibility Spotify is unable to assist with Student verification issues, so please reach out to SheerID for support Problems with your account, payments, or billing? That’s us! Check out our support site for more info. Who is SheerID? SheerID is the service that verifies your qualification for Premium Student . After I signed up for Premium Student, I received an email from SheerID to upload a document. What type of documentation is required? The document must be an official document from your university or college that clearly indicates your enrollment in the current term. It must include: Your first name. Your last name. University/College name. Issue date from the current academic term or within the last 3 months. You can upload more than one document if needed. These can include: An official enrollment letter from your academic institution (acceptance letters will not be approved) Class schedule for the current academic term Registration or tuition receipt Transcript that shows classes currently in progress My document upload link is no longer working. What happened? The link sent to you for document upload is only valid for 7 days. To trigger a new link, please go back to the verification page and sign up again. How many attempts do I have to provide documentation? You can request up to 3 documents to be reviewed by SheerID. If you reach this limit and are still unable to verify, you will need to contact SheerID support before you can continue the process.
